Link to codepen: https://codepen.io/denischuvilin/pen/zYxxEZV


   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is a system of tags used to give structure and meaning to a webpage. Sematic is big on meaning whereas non-semantic just deals with presentation. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used for creating electronic documents that are displayed on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behavior. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the most important elements on the page. It is ussually used for headings. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        links to external files like CSS & JavaScript
        plugins
        libraries
        frameworks
        meta tag
        title tag
    7. What is an id? 
        a classifier that specifies a unique id for an html element. The value must be unique within the html document. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any elements 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        only once 
    10. What is a class? 
        an attribute that is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        hold down the command key and open your link
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        specifies an alternative text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        id's are referenced with the # key. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> imlies that the content is grouped, and div does not imply anything. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style up the html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class selects a group of elements while an id selects only one specific element. A class can be used in selecting a header, while an id can be used in selecting only the h1 element in the header.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .'class'{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        the > selects all elements that are a direct child of a specified element. this can be useful when you want to select a class within a class. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        <div class='sidebar'>
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements. ex: :hover
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
        height property in css. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: ..... ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, text-transform:lowercase , text-transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        use universal selector *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        */ your comment here /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, you must be careful because all changes are final
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to be able to collaborate with others in a timely and orderly fashion. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        whenever you are working on a project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin denis-chuvilin 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create your own verson of the repo by forking it.
        Add a colaborator.
        clone your repo in a directory of your choice.
        create your own branch using the git checkout 
        work on the repo and add any needed changes
        add your changes with git add
        commit your changes with git commit -m 'message'
        push your changes back into the github repo with git push -u origin denis-chuvilin
        submit a pull request on your name branch (change base repository on your forked repo) in github with your TL as your reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        a block element will always start a new line, while an inline element can start within a line. Inline will only take as much time as it needs to. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        the element is removed form the normal document flow and no space is created for the element in the page layout. Absolute position is relative to the parent element.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        block by default: <div>. <p>, <figure>
        inline by default: <input>, <textarea>
        inline-block by default: <a>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        every element is a box. margins and borders and paddings can be changed, giving us whatever box image we want. 
